Clarify P1, P2, and P3 support levels (#2759)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-support.md

To help Astronomer support respond effectively to your support request, it's important that you correctly identify the severity of your issue. The following are the categories that Astronomer uses to determine the severity of your support request:

**P1:** Critical impact. A deployment is completely unavailable or a DAG that was previously working in production is no longer working.

> Because P1 tickets are handled with the highest levels of urgency, if Astronomer Support responds on a P1 ticket and subsequently does not hear back for 2 hours, the ticket priority will be changed to P2.

Reviewer: > the ticket priority will be changed to P2.

I think we should say "will be automatically changed to P2."

Additionally, if the immediate problem is solved but there are follow up investigations ongoing, those follow ups will be conducted in a separate ticket at a lower priority.

**P2:** High impact. Ability to use Astro is severely impaired but does not affect critical, previously working pipelines in production.

Examples:

> - A newly deployed production DAG is not working, even though it was tested in another Astro Deployment (e.g. dev or test) beforehand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A newly deployed production DAG is not working, even though it ran successfully in a development or test environment.
```

Examples:

> - A DAG that has been deployed to an Astro deployment for the first time, or is on a local development environment, is unexpectedly not working.

Author: good idea.

> - A DAG that has been deployed to an Astro deployment for the first time, or is on a local development environment, is unexpectedly not working.

Reviewer 2: Updated my suggestion, is this what you meant?

> - A DAG that has been deployed to an Astro deployment for the first time, or is on a local development environment, is unexpectedly not working.

Author: I'm removing the word "development" before Deployment. But otherwise yes, I like that.

Examples:

- A DAG that has been deployed to an Astro deployment for the first time, or is on a local development environment, is unexpectedly not working.
- You need to [modify a Hybrid cluster setting](manage-hybrid-clusters.md) that affects your cluster's performance but isn't required to run tasks, such as changing the size of your cluster's database or adding a new VPC peering connection.
- Astro CLI usage is impaired (for example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages).
- There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
- You received a log alert on Astronomer.

> - You have lost use of a Public Preview feature that does not affect general services.

Reviewer: nit: "does not affect generally available services"

Author: I am actually not sure what this line is trying to say. I didn't edit it.

Reviewer: I think we should edit it to link to [this doc](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews) which includes a blurb that preview features are not backed by an SLA.
